this dish is one of my family's all-time
favorite meals for the summer
it's a beautiful chicken Caesar salad
it's quite easy to make especially if
you use a store-bought dressing but I
really love a homemade dressing so I'm
going to show you how to do that you can
make the homemade dressing with electric
hand beaters but I'm going to do it very
simply in a food processor
so that's all blitz together it's become
this beautiful creamy emulsion and I'm
just gonna taste it to see if it needs
any more soul burp it but more more
lemon juice the next thing I need to do
is just to slice up some ugly chicken
breasts and I'm going to lightly pan fry
that being very careful not to drive out
then I need to cook some bacon some
croutons and poach a few weeks I've got
two cutting boards out here one I'm
going to use for the chicken and the
bacon and the other one I'll use for the
salad vegetables and also for the bread
because you can't cross contaminate your
meat with your vegetables it's very
important
finish the croutons and now I'm going to
poach some eggs I can do it all in the
same pan I'll just wipe it out to make
sure there's no breadcrumbs in there
pour in some boiling water and I need to
bring it to quite a gentle simmer to
poach the eggs it's really important for
poached eggs that the waters on a really
gentle simmer if it's boiling too
rapidly they'll just break up and fly
apart and the other really important
thing is that the eggs are as fresh as
you can possibly get
so I've torn up a cause lettuce and I've
tossed that through with half a red
onion and a really generous amount of
that dressing and all that's left to do
is assemble it by putting the other
ingredients on top
so there you have it it's my warm
chicken Caesar salad and let me tell you
that plate of food will make my family
very happy